Hello
everyone, and welcome to another episode of Trust Talks.   These are the
two most discussed health
insurance plans in India right now.  One is the
ReAsh 3.0
health insurance plan from Nivabooba Health Insurance Company.  Two
ICCI loan boards and Elevate
plan.  Are you confused about which of these two plans to
choose
?  But don't worry anymore, today we are discussing
a detailed comparison of these two plans in
this video.
Try to watch the video in full without missing any. Before jumping into the video, a
quick introduction about
myself. My name is Sanujalal, a certified
financial consultant. I have been working in the
insurance and investment
industry for the past 19 years.
We bring all the news related to insurance to you only after studying and researching it thoroughly. If
you have not subscribed yet,
please subscribe to the
channel. To get the right information at the right time. Be healthy
and wealthy.
Starting with Abbot Dakani. Choosing a good
health insurance plan is as
important as choosing a
health insurance company. So, let's understand the
credentials of these two companies.
First one.
Niwabaniwabuba
is classified as a standalone health
insurance company, meaning that this company markets only health
insurance plans and products. The
second is ICC Lopad. ICC Lopad is
classified as a general
insurance company, meaning that all
other general insurance
products other than health insurance, car, marine, and so on, are
marketed by ICC Lopad. The
reason for mentioning this classification here is nothing
else but the difference between them in terms of product
service, claim settlement,
etc. While
standalone
health insurance companies are excelling in introducing very advanced plans and features,
general
insurance companies maintain a very good track
record in terms of claim settlement services, etc.
Next, let us understand the ICR of these two companies.
ICR
stands for Incurred Claim Ratio,
which means how much of the total premium amount paid in a financial year is
paid as a claim by the insurance company.
ICR indicates that
companies that maintain a highest ICR are considered to be those that maintain a good claim settlement
track record. When
considering these two companies,
ISIS Lombard stands out.
ISIS Lombard's ICR for the period 2023-24
is 77.33% 3% while Nibooba Health Insurance Company's
ICR for the same period is 59.02%.
Next, let's see how these two plans
differ. Here are the
industry trending
features that we are going to discuss here.
Top Three USBs of These
Two Plans The first USB is in the plan called Elevate. The
sum insured limit is low in the Infinity Pair plan. What do you think will happen if you need a high-
expense treatment
?
This rider called Infinite Care is a solution for this
.  As the name suggests, unlimited insurance
coverage is a one-time payment.
This optional
rider provides insurance coverage to the customer in the event of an unexplained expense beyond the customer's coverage limit in the event of a hospitalization
.  One of these conditions is that
the customer only gets insurance coverage once during the entire policy life through this option
.  The second
unique selling point of this plan is the power
booster.  Through this feature, the customer receives 100% off the base
amount every year as a loyalty bonus
.  That too for
unlimited time.  For example,
if your plan has a base limit of Rs. 10 lakh,
you will get an additional Rs. 10 lakh as a loyalty bonus during renewal next year
.  So, if you continue with this plan,
after 10 years,
you will only get 90 lakhs as loyalty bonus in the
plan.  The third unique
selling point is the unlimited sum
insured. It is very simple. There is no sum insured. That means that
even if your claim is unlimited, the
customer gets unlimited insurance coverage through this feature. Next,
we will discuss the three unique selling points of the Razor 3 plan here.
Four variants are available in this plan:
Classic Select,
Elite and Black.
We will discuss the features of the Elite variant
here. The
main highlight of all the variants of this plan
is the unlimited sum insured. You do not have to
specifically choose whether you want 5 lakhs or 10 lakhs. No matter
which variant you
choose, you will get
unlimited sum insured. In the
Elevate plan of ISIS, we
saw the unlimited option, which
comes as an optional rider. This one
This comes as an in-bill feature in the plan. The
second unique selling
point is Lock the Clock. As you get
older, your insurance
premium increases even if you don't have a
claim.
This feature called Lock the Clock is a solution for those who have such complaints. Through this feature called Lock the Clock, the
customer can pay the same premium that is paid when enrolling a policy as a
renewal premium for the entire policy life until a claim is reported
.  For example, if the premium for an 18-year-old
is Rs 12,000, the customer will only have to
pay this Rs 12,000 for every renewal. The
third unique
selling point is the pre-existing disease coverage from day one until a claim is reported. If the
waiting period for normal pre-existing disease coverage is three years, then this
plan offers insurance coverage for 145 pre-existing diseases
from day one. Strictly speaking,
this is the unwritten decision of the company. The
company will give this option to the customer only after fully understanding your risk.
Similarly,
you are also liable to pay the additional premium. So far,
we have understood about the unique selling points that differentiate these two plans. Now let's take a
look at the features that come inbuilt in this plan. The first inbuilt
feature is the room train category in the
Elevate plan.
The customer is eligible for a single private AC room. In the
variant called Elevate, all rooms are eligible for Expert Suite and
Deluxe. The
next point
is pre and post-operative insurance in
Elevate that is 980 days and in the variant called Elite, 60 days. The
next point is Ayush, Ayurveda, Yoga, Unani, Siddha,
Homeopathy, Donor
expenses, Domiciliary Hospitalization,
Day Care, Procedures and Modern
Treatment expenses.
Up to the sum insured is covered in both these plans. The
next point is
unlimited restoration in the plan called Elevate that
is restoration available up to 100%.
That option is not available in the plan called Elevate because
that plan offers
unlimited sum insured.  Next
point is ambulance coverage in the
plan called S Elevate. It is
covered in the Elite variant of the plan that is limited to Rs 5 lakh per hospitalization. Next
point is the Noklum bonus in the
plan called Elevate. It is guaranteed on Rs 20. The
Nok Bonus Go Bonus
option in the plan called Elevate is not available because it is
an unlimited limited
amount
offered by the plan called 3 Elevate and Elite.
Next, the optional riders of these two plans are the
riders and features that customers need and can
customize by paying an additional premium.
Optional riders are the options that can be customized by paying an additional premium.
Due to the time limit,
we are only discussing the main optional riders of these two plans here. Let's take a
look at these. The
first point among the optional features
is consumables or non-medical items. In
both plans, that is covered by the
plan, it is
called Cold Claim Protector.  That is
covered up to some extent.  Ratio 3. It
is called a cold claim safe card.
This plan also covers non-medical items up to a sum insured
.  Next Point
Infinity Coverage is a unique
selling point that we have already discussed as an infinite
insurance review. That
option is available in Elevate
Plan
3. That option is not available because there is no
need for it. The unlimited
Next Point Loyalty Bonus Clear
Bonus is an optional rider available in
Elevate and is called Power Booster. Again, there is
no importance for that because the plan is unlimited.
Next Point Maternity is
maternity related expenses that can be
covered through the Elevate Plan Option Rider. The
limit for this is 10 lakhs. That
option is not available in
Elevate Plan 3. The annual health checkup is
covered according to the amount we take.  The
plan says 3k from next point is hospital day cash, while the Elevate plan says 1000 per day with a maximum of 10
days per hospitalization
.  Ratio 3 is also available in
Hospital Daily Cash Benefit of
2000 per day with a maximum of 30
days in R. Next point
is Specific Disease Waiting Period Modification. Normally we know that
Specific Disease Waiting Period is 24
months in Elevate plan. That
modification Specific Disease
Modification is not available and Rider is
not available. If we take 3O plan,
definitely Specific Disease Waiting
Period is 24 months. We have options to
reduce it from 24 months to 12 months and increase it to 36 months. The
last point is Pre-
Disease Waiting Period Reduction.
Normally 36 is three years. Pre-Disease
Waiting Period is said to be  If
you take the Elevate plan, you can reduce the
waiting period for diseases like asthma, hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, obesity to 30
days through the Jump Start rider.
3. In the Elite variant, we are
offered 145 pre-existing diseases from day one. In addition, the
option to reduce the pre-existing disease waiting period from 12 months to 24 months is also available in this plan.
Next, let's take a quick look at the basic eligibility criteria to join these two plans. The first
point is the policy type.
The options to take the individual and floater option are available in both plans. The
next point is the family
definition. The Elevate plan can
accommodate up to two adults plus three children
.  So, in the Ratio
3.0 Elite plan, we can enroll a maximum of six
members into the
plan
.  The next point age
criteria is that adults are 18 years old and up
to unlimited in the Elevate
plan, so the ratio is 3. The maximum
entry age for adults is 18 years old. The children category is the
same in both the plans, from
9 months to 30 years. In
this plan, children can enroll in the
Next
Point Sum Insured. In the Elevate
plan, options to opt for up to 5 lakhs to unlimited are available.
If the
Reassurance 3PO offers unlimited, that is the
only option available
in this. The
next point is the policy time. In both the plans, the policy time is one year to five years. This is the main
difference between these two companies.
We have seen everything from unique selling points to inbuilt features, option traders, LI eligibility criteria, etc.
Now
let's understand the most important point premium of these two plans.  This chart shows a
family fraud illustration of a family of 32 and 29 years old. In the
plan we are going to elevate, we have
taken the unlimited option. Biscos
Rusho 3. Allready offers
unlimited. What
we can
do is compare unlimited. In this
plan called Elevate, if
we take the unlimited option as a premium in this age
category, the premium is Rs.
per year. In the plan called Reashow 38, the
premium
is Rs. 2138 per year. Both the plans we have discussed today have their
own strengths and
weaknesses. It is best to choose a health insurance plan that suits your needs and
your
budget. If
you need a
professional personal consultation for this,
you can call or
do it on the number shown.
Before the video ends, a
reminder: Insurance is an easy subject matter
of solicitation. Before choosing any insurance
product or plan,
read and understand the terms and conditions of that plan clearly.
Similarly, if
you have not yet subscribed to this informative channel called Trustok,
please
subscribe to the channel to get the right information at the right time. I am coming up with an
informative
video called I am signing off
sauce
[Music]